Q1.What is Python?
Answer=> Python is an interpreted, high-level, general-purpose popular programming language. 
Created by Guido van Rossum and first released in 1991.

It is used for:

web development (server-side),
software development,
mathematics,
system scripting.

Why python?
1.Python works on different platforms (Windows, Mac, Linux, Raspberry Pi, etc).
2.Python has a simple syntax similar to the English language.
3.Python can be treated in a procedural way, an object-orientated way or a functional way.

Q2.What are the ways to install python in your pc?
Answer=> Many PCs and Macs will have python already installed.
To check if you have python installed on a Windows PC, 
search in the start bar for Python or run the following on the Command Line (cmd.exe):

Steps:
1.Double-click the icon labeling the file python-3.7.4-amd64.exe.
2.Highlight the Install Now (or Upgrade Now) message, and then click it.
  When run, a User Account Control pop-up window may appear on your screen. I could not capture its image, but it asks,
  Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device.
3.Click the Yes button.
  A new Python 3.7.4 (64-bit) Setup pop-up window will appear with a Setup Progress message and a progress bar.
4.Click the Close button.
Python should now be installed.


Q3.What are code environment?Types?
Answer=>Code Environment is a place where we can write the code and execute.
 
There are 3 types of code environment are as follows:
1.Text Editors
2.Full IDEs
3.Notebook Environment

1.Text Editors:
A text editor is a type of computer program that edits plain text.
For example:Sublime Text
Atom
Notepad++

2.Full IDEs:(Integrated Development Environment)
An IDE (or Integrated Development Environment) is a program dedicated to software development.
For example: PyCharm
Visual Studio Code
Spyder

3.Notebook Environment:
 Which contain both computer code (e.g. python) and rich text elements (paragraph, equations, figures, links, etc…).
For example:Jupyter Notebook